[DOC] User Documentation on project concept (#3293)
perses/perses: docs/concepts/project.md

# Project

## What it is

A project can be defined as a workspace and it can be both personal or collaborative.

## Why you will need it

It's the place where users spend most of their time creating dashboards, variables and datasources.
You have to own a project to be able to create a dashboard in Perses.

## How it can be used

> ### In the CLI:
> 
> You can use the [Project API](../api/project.md) in order to get a single or list of projects, create, update and delete a single project.

Reviewer: UI should be put first I think, managing project via the CLI will probably be a more niche use case. Please move it after UI & change it a bit to sth like:

```suggestion
### In the CLI:

You can create/read/update/delete projects using the CLI. Refer to the [Project API](../api/project.md) doc to see the data model.
```
